Sing 2 skillmap blog post (#8635)
microsoft/pxt: docs/blog/arcade/sing-2-skillmap.md

![Sing 2 Arcade game](/static/blog/arcade/sing-2-skillmap/sing-2-game.png)

In Sing 2, Buster and his crew are on their way to the entertainment capitol of the world -- but to pull off their performance, they’ll need to convince a retired rockstar to come out of hiding and take the stage. Their show is going to need rave reviews if they want to make the comeback of a lifetime!

In MakeCode’s step-by-step tutorial, students will create a Sing 2 clicker game, sending applause to their favorite characters. The more applause they give the higher they will score!

No prior coding experience is required for the game. Coders will be introduced to all of the computer science and game design concepts they need along the way, including user input, variables, and arrays. Get started creating your project now at [aka.ms/Sing2game](https://aka.ms/Sing2game).

For parents and educators who want to complete this game with students, we have an additional information page linked from the skillmap, with learning objectives, timings, and a solution key.

> Have fun...and don’t forget to watch Sing 2 only in theatres this December.

Author: ```suggestion
Have fun...and don’t forget to watch Sing 2 only in theatres during December 2021 and the first week of January 2022.
```
